---
title: 08-11-2017_WORK
layout: post
author: rocco.fattouki
permalink: /08-11-2017_work/
source-id: 17fmKGahHpnkfWXmkbW-955tjQEpPhyhfz6sFZUXzt2M
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Work on JSBin</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>08/11/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Basic template with Basic information and no code that showed up on the output.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To try and add new information to the template and if it is valid we can use it in our real code.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>Yes. I learned how to separate paragraphs and will use it in the future.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>How did you use your learning habits this week?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Persevering</td>
    <td>With my code it got deleted when i logged in to my github account so I had to do it again. It got deleted again when I tried to save it so I had to restart. In a way it was good for me because I learned many of the code off by heart.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Questioning?</td>
    <td>I needed to question the people around me if I didn't fully understand the subject. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Independence</td>
    <td>Really most of this topic relies on independance. I had to use my initiative to research different ways which I could use the coding. I couldn’t rely on anyone else. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reflecting</td>
    <td>When my code wasn’t working I had to think why and solve the problem by referring back to my previous work.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Engagement</td>
    <td>I had to pay attention to Mr Keen when he was explaining how to use different coding because if I got something wrong and used it in my real code something horrible could happen.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What could have gone better in your learning?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Maybe if I had considered using a wider selection of valid websites in helping my work I could have produced a better piece of work with more information and a better use of what I had already used. I feel as though if I had done it with a bit more engagement i could have slightly improved my product.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What changes do you need to make to improve your learning next time?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think I should do it step by step in the same order Sir does it, so I can (if something goes wrong) compare it to what Sir did. I could also experiment a bit further with my work and try something new and then if it works well add it to my future code
</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


