---
title: blog for 31-01-18
layout: post
author: rocco.fattouki
permalink: /blog-for-31-01-18/
source-id: 1Ih3krkXs3pHqOPO3-sCEmv6Xm1m37DgrFdf4VmYsPVA
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Adding more detail to our Scratch games.</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>31/01/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Having already programmed a lot of code into our games, this is basic commands.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To include a lot more information to improve our games.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>Yes - I managed to get the sprites do do as commanded and including useful backdrops.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>How did you use your learning habits this week?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Persevering</td>
    <td>Yes - I made a big mistake when doing my backdrop so I just got rid of that and recognised what worked so kept on trying to redo it.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Questioning?</td>
    <td>Non used.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Independence</td>
    <td>Yes - As no one else was doing my game it's not like I can just ask them for help so I had to learn more myself and now I think I am much more skilled than before.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reflecting</td>
    <td>Yes - I knew what was wrong with my backdrops before so avoiding the same mistake.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Engagement</td>
    <td>Yes - When Sir was teaching us about how to do different levels I listened in closely as this is something I have to include in my game.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What could have gone better in your learning?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>If I don’t rely too much on only using basic information because I can improve my game by doing more than just that.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What changes do you need to make to improve your learning next time?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Don’t be afraid to ask questions about something if I need the help.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


